>> Jon Kuperman: And this is a very kind
of foundational concept here, color and
contrast.
There are quite a lot of cool tools.
We have one that we'll build
in our next exercise, but
WebAIM has a really nice color
contrast checker as well.
But there's quite a few
things to think about here.
So I guess the things that we wanna think
about are the most obvious that come to
mind are the foreground color and
the background color.
And they mathematically have these
contrast ratios with each other.
And WebAIM and WCAG specify how
much contrast you'll need in order
to be compliant on both AA and AAA,
which I think we can see here.
But before we go into that,
there's actually quite a few other axes
that we just need to be mindful of.
Because it's not just foreground color and
background color, but font size and
font width also play a large part here.
So the math gets a little bit more
complicated, but if you use one of
these professional color checkers,
it will tell you whether you're AA or
AAA compliant, remember the WCAG
standards that we've been looking for.
And whether you're compliant for
normal text, large text, or
user interface components.
And then some of them even take in font
weight to account where you might be
non-compliant.
But if the font weight is bold enough,
then it makes it stand out enough there.
So this is one kind of big world here,
just generic kind of color contrast.
And it has a lot of important implications
because you can start thinking about a lot
of the websites we build.
And a lot of them will use color only
to indicate things going on, a success
green or a failure red or maybe a loading
yellow or different things like that.
And making sure that the contrast is
good enough to be indicated is a really
good start.
But it also leads us into kind of
a whole other world, which is that there
are a whole lot of different visual
impairments that can make certain colors.
Think about being colorblind,
that can make certain colors really,
really difficult.
So at my work, we have an accessibility
team and they do some really cool work on.
Because as you can imagine,
a financial product,
if we scroll down a little bit, is going
to make heavy use of color, right?
What is up, what is down,
what is neutral, basically.
And so obviously, or
maybe not obviously, but at the base,
we wanna make sure that our color
contrast is always good enough,
that the green against the black and
the red against the black stand out.
But as we get into different
vision impairments,
we actually get introduced to
a whole lot of new challenges.
So, there's all these great
simulators out there, and so
this one simulates a vision impairment.
And you can quickly see how our green and
our red, which a moment ago probably to
many of us looked extremely unique and
differentiated from each other, actually
kind of meld into almost an identical
yellow with certain visual impairments.
And so we've got a few
things to think about here,
we've got general color contrast,
which is very important.
We've got the idea of if color is ever the
only thing that indicates maybe success,
failure, progress, state,
that can be dangerous.
And then we've also got a lot of
different visual impairment conditions to
think about.
And so
we've got a few different solutions here,
I think that the color
contrast gets us very far.
I think that looking at any of these nice
simulators and we can go over a couple of
them in the tools section that help you
simulate different vision conditions, go
a long way in helping you pick colors that
will work with a wide variety of people.
I also think that this is a nice
area where if you use any kind
of pre-made color palette, like Google
Material Design or something like that,
you get a lot of this kind
of well thought out benefit.
That they've already spent a lot of time
making sure that their colors sufficiently
contrast and also look good
with a variety of impairments.
So a thing that we do at our work is that
we've introduced a different color scheme.
So we have two optional color schemes and
you can see if we kind of scroll down
here that we move the traditional
green and red into this blue and red.
And so
you can opt into the CVD color scheme.
And here we can see that even with
a wide range of visual impairments,
you're still very easily able to
differentiate between the blue and red or
even if it looks like blue and
yellow to you.
So, yeah, I think in general
these are quite cool ideas.
They get a little bit complex because
there can be difficulty that you might not
think of when you're building things.
I think contrast is a great
first place to start.
And I think a great second place to start
is where allowed adding some other kind of
indicator for things like success,
failure, price up, price down.
If you can add a check mark or a red X,
even if they can't tell that it's red,
they can see that it's an X.
And that can be tried
tremendously helpful too.
Another thing to consider for a large
application would be maybe having two
different color schemes that
can be opted into and out of.